
== Schema support for Rails SQL Server 2000, 2005 and 2008 Adapter

Adds support for schemas to the activerecord-sqlserver-adapter gem

== Installation

  $ gem install activerecord-sqlserver-adapter
  $ gem install activerecord-sqlserver-adapter-schemas

Optionally configure your gem dependencies in your rails environment.rb file.

  config.gem 'activerecord-sqlserver-adapter', :version => 'x.x.xx'
  config.gem 'activerecord-sqlserver-adapter-schemas', :version => 'x.x.xx'
  
== Using Schemas with ActiveRecord

The simplest way to use schemas is to simply specify it as part of the table name

  class FooBar < ActiveRecord::Base
    set_table_name 'foo.bars'
  end
  
To use any the following methods, you must first enable schema names:

  ActiveRecord::Base.use_schema_names = true

With use_schema_names enabled, models in a module will use the module name as the schema name automatically.  For example:

  # the table name for this model would be assumed to be foo.bars
  class Foo::Bar < ActiveRecord::Base
  end
  
The schema name can also be set explicitly when use_schema_names is enabled:

  class Bar < ActiveRecord::Base
    set_schema_name 'foo'
  end
  
== Migrations

It is possible to have separate schema_migrations tables in different schemas existing in the database at the same time.  This is useful if you have multiple rails applications using the same database but different schemas.

To use this feature, use different users for each application with different default schemas set in the database.  So if you have 2 rails applications, if they log in as different users with different default schemas, they each get their own schema_migrations table in that schema.

== License

Copyright 2010. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the MIT-LICENSE file.
